# KPI Dashboard
## About
In order to support a team working under the Scrum methodology, a new tool has been developed to monitor, check and analyse in real time the status and progress of a project through user-friendly Dashboards.

Thanks to the metrics and indicators that provide information on a specific key factor in the development of a project, known as KPIs, any member of a project can know how it is working and if it is being done in the right way without the need to know the processes used.

For this purpose, a web application has been developed to consult and build KPIs based on the analysis of the data provided and generated by the projects themselves or by external sources such as Scrum Boards.

These indicators are displayed by the application in a graphical, simple and orderly manner in an environment very similar to a real production one, providing the application with a certain business intelligence, robustness and efficiency
## Requirements
You must have installed NodeJS (https://nodejs.org/es/) to run this project.

Front-end is built under Angular v11.

Back-end is running Node v10.15

This project must have a Database connected, see file and configure it with your data:

           \kpi-dashboard-server\app\config\db.config.js

## Dependencies installation


Use the Node package manager [npm] (https://www.npmjs.com/) to install dependencies from package.json in both projectes (front & back).

Go to /kpi-dashboard directory and execute:

```bash
cd /kpi-dashboard
```
```bash
npm i
```
Then go to /kpi-dashboard-server directory and execute:
```bash
cd /kpi-dashboard-server
```
```bash
npm i
```

## Run the project
### Front-end
To run the front-end you must run (after installing dependencies) in the /kpi-dashboard directory:
```bash
ng serve
```
Dev front-server will be running in localhost:4200/ .
### Back-end
To run the back-end you must run (after installing dependencies) in the /kpi-dashboard-server directory:
```bash
node server.js
```
Back server will be running in port 8080.

## Contributing
Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.

Please make sure to update tests as appropriate.

## License
                    GNU GENERAL PUBLIC LICENSE
                       Version 3, 29 June 2007

 Copyright (C) 2007 Free Software Foundation, Inc. <https://fsf.org/>
 Everyone is permitted to copy and distribute verbatim copies
 of this license document, but changing it is not allowed.
